[docs] Add docs for web application wait steps (#4668)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app.adoc

Then element located by 'xpath(//div[@id='delayed'])' disappears in 'PT3S'
----

==== Wait for element state

> Waits for an element with the specified locator to take a certain state in the specified search context.
> 
> Actions performed at this step:
> 
> * Finds an element with the specified locator within search context
> * Waits until this element takes a certain state value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waits for an element, located by the specified locator in the given search context, to change to the specified state.

Actions performed at this step:

* finds an element with the specified locator within search context,
* waits until this element changes to the specified state or timeout is reached.
```

Reviewer: please follow this format for other steps below

[source,gherkin]
----
When I wait until state of element located by `$locator` is $state
----

* `$locator` - The <<_locator,locator>> used to find element.
* `$state` - The expected element xref:parameters:state.adoc[state].

.Click on the button and wait until the element becomes invisible
[source,gherkin]
----
When I click on element located by `buttonName(hide)`
When I wait until state of element located by `xpath(//*[text()='Element to hide']):a` is NOT VISIBLE
----

==== Wait until element becomes stale

Waits until an element with specified locator in the specified search context becomes stale.

When an element becomes stale:

> * The element has been deleted entirely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the element has been disposed,
```
